---
layout: default
title: Javadoc
permalink: /eChempad/Developer-Guide/Javadoc/
parent: Developer Guide
grand_parent: eChempad
nav_order: 4
---

## JavaDoc
* All methods, fields and classes must have its corresponding `javadoc`. Some exceptions in the methods apply:
    * Getter / setter methods.
    * Trivial constructor, specially no-args constructor.
    * Trivial toString method.
    * Trivial hashCode method.
    * The methods that override other methods must inherit the `javadoc` from the overridden methods.

There are certain convention that must be followed in order to produce good `javadoc` documentations:
* Each line above is indented to align with the code below the comment.
* The first line contains the begin-comment delimiter ( /**).
* Starting with Javadoc 1.4, the leading asterisks are optional.
* Write the first sentence as a short summary of the method, as Javadoc automatically places it in the method summary table (and index).
* Notice the inline tag {@link URL}, which converts to an HTML hyperlink pointing to the documentation for the URL class. This inline tag can be used anywhere that a comment can be written, such as in the text following block tags.
* If you have more than one paragraph in the doc comment, separate the paragraphs with a \<p> paragraph tag, as shown.
* Insert a blank comment line between the description and the list of tags, as shown.
* The first line that begins with an "@" character ends the description. There is only one description block per doc comment; you cannot continue the description following block tags.
* The last line contains the end-comment delimiter ( */) Note that unlike the begin-comment delimiter, the end-comment contains only a single asterisk.
